Xrdp working (#174)
devDucks/astroarch: README.md

# Connecting via XRDP client
Another option to control your Raspberry Pi remotely is to use an XRDP client. For this you can use the "remote desktop connection" tool if you are on Windows or on Linux or a software like FreeRDP.

> You can also, after installing the xfreerdp package corresponding to your distribution, use the command line: xfreerdp /dynamic-resolution /u:astronaut /w:1920 /h:1080 /v:10.42.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also, after installing the xfreerdp package corresponding to your distribution, use the command line: xfreerdp /dynamic-resolution /u:astronaut /w:1920 /h:1080 /v:X.X.X.X (Where X.X.X.X is the IP address of the pi)
```
